Software Development Skills
Jesper Andersson, ÅA Student number: 2000856, LUT number: ?!?

LEARNING DIARY, MOBILE DEVELOPMENT MODULE

16.10.2023
Started working on the course,
I had some difficulties setting up Android Studio,
because the video is old and the app doesn't look the same as in the video.
I also made the git repository which took a while because I'm quite rusty with using git,
but I figured it out in the end after some googling
I worked through the video in Part 1 and learned all the goals of it.
It was quite simple, and I'm exited to work on a more complex app!
I might switch over this diary to Word,
so that I can add pictures and make the diary more interesting,
a txt file is pretty boring.

18.10.2023
I completed part 2 with some difficulties opening up google,
seems my emulator doesn't have a web browser installed that can resolve the intent...
Other than that, this part went pretty smoothly and I understand now how to open new activities.
I'm also learning quite a bit about android studio and how to use it efficiently.

23.10.2023
I completed part 3 this afternoon in one sitting. It went quite smoothly,
and I learned the objectives of the video. Since the video is 6 years old Android Studio
I felt that there is probably a better way of doing the list view,
rather than splitting up the information into three String arrays. Anyhow,
I got the app working and I'm proud of myself :)

24.10.2023
For the final project I decided to just continue working on the same app as previous parts as a base.
I improved the calculator and moved it to a separate activity. I also want to create a TicTacToe game
in this app so I started that as well.
I decided to just work on the TicTacToe activity today, it was pretty fun to figure out how to do it.
It was in the end pretty simple. I had one small hiccup with updating the images on the board,
but I figured out the problem with a quick google. I think I'm done now with the project,
so I'll submit the github repository link now. This will then be the last diary update.
This course was fun and I will definitely learn more about android development,
and maybe create my own app/game in the future when I have time.
Jesper Andersson signing out.